c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\PartyInvites.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\PartyInvites.pdb
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\PartyInvites.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\PartyInvites.dll
c:\users\brad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\PartyInvites.pdb
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\PartyInvites.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\PartyInvites.pdb
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\PartyInvites.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\PartyInvites.dll
C:\Users\Brad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PartyInvites - Copy\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\PartyInvites.pdb
